"When Ketu is posited positively in the second house of your horoscope, you are likely to be a learned and knowledgeable person. You are someone who talks wise words. You are likely to be quite expressive, and well versed in foreign languages. Position of Ketu in 2nd house also gives a serious perspective towards life. Such a person is also likely to be fond of indulgence. However, these transformations may not all be positive. The secretive nature of Scorpio can lead to misunderstandings and miscommunication with your partner or business associates. Your passion might sometimes derail into unhealthy obsession causing strife in relationships. An inability to handle debts, due to Scorpio’s influence, could lead to financial troubles. Journeys taken could be strenuous and filled with hardships. Given Scorpio's connections to secrecy and Rahu's affinity for sudden events, your personal or professional life may be disrupted by unexpected, troubling revelations.",
"Taurus is ruled by Venus and it shares an average relationship with Ketu. Here, Ketu is in an earth sign and in mythology; it is represented as the Dragon’s tail. Such people want to walk freely and seek movement, but that does not mean that they fly in the air because Taurus is an earthy sign and this element keeps them grounded. Due to the impulse given by Ketu, such people are always pulled between need for movement and the need for stability. Ketu in Taurus also gives a pensive mood to the person. Such people like to talk a lot and are sometimes quite insincere. These people face hurdles in acquiring luxuries and material comforts they want. Ketu in Taurus also creates hurdles in love life. Such people also face issues within their family. They often move towards wrong directions in life that require immoral actions. While they tend to be quite loving, caring and compassionate, they struggle to get the same level of love and compassion in return. Ketu in Taurus also makes the native lethargic. Such people have a tendency to procrastinate. These natives can also be quite stubborn as a bull at times. Ego also strongly marks their character, adding to challenges in maintaining relationships.",
"Since the 8th lord, Jupiter, is in the 6th house of Libra, You will probably work as a divorce attorney. You may have a dispute with your in-laws and other relatives. Disputes may arise due to joint assets gains after marriage. You shall also have an analytical mind and will be interested in religion. Jupiter in the 6th house and in Libra rasi may invite potential challenges. Despite being in the trade and finance sector, the abundance may not always be as expected. You may face obstacles in career growth and financial status might fluctuate, bringing unexpected expenditure. Health issues can persist, resulting in mental affliction. You may face disputes within the family which may result in strained relationships. Chances of accidents are likely, increasing your concern for safety. Frequent travels may cause exhaustion and can affect your day-to-day life. Arrogant behavior may affect business partnerships.",
"Libra is a movable air sign, ruled by Venus, which is a feminine watery planet. Jupiter is inimical towards Venus, which in turn is neutral towards it. Despite this inimical relationship, this position of Jupiter turns out positive, as both the planets are benefic in nature. People with Jupiter in Libra tend to have a pleasing appearance because Venus is beauty and Jupiter expands it. These natives have a strong interest in ornaments, luxuries and wealth generation. They tend to be very polite and mannered and they respect their guests a lot. They also have faith in God. These natives are open-minded and have a strong sense of justice and of the right & wrong. They abide by strong moral principles and they get attracted to people who share similar idealistic views about life as they do. These people also have association with or assignments in foreign places. They do well in life and make the most of opportunities that come along, especially concerning the material aspect of life. These natives share a cordial relationship with people around them. They are also generous in nature, help those around them and also indulge in social service at times.",
"Since the 9th lord, Saturn, is in the 10th house of Aquarius, You will have a distant relationship with your father due to various reasons. You will reach a good position in your career only after working hard. You can benefit from the fields of law or in government administration. The Saturn Mahadasha in 10th House Aquarius is ushering in a period of intense hard work and professional growth. Saturn, the natural ruler of Aquarius, brings discipline, responsibility and authority in your career. With its influence in the 10th house, representing career and growth, expect to see steady progression in your professional life and upcoming recognition. You may also become a symbol of authority and responsibility. Additionally, with the impact of Saturn, you are likely to make advances in fields associated with technology, science, research or social activism. Saturn further ensures stability in the wealth area. You might undergo travel for professional reasons leading to beneficial impacts.",
"Saturn also rules Aquarius so when it is placed in its own sign, the results are mostly positive. The mascot of Aquarius is a water bearer with a vessel. People born with Saturn in Aquarius are quite like a vessel. Just as it accommodates water, these natives accommodate a lot of emotions and secrets too.  They are quite flexible and justice loving. They are compassionate too, and love to serve others. They have a good judgment of right and wrong. They also have a strong desire to lead. In fact, they tend to show the right path to others. Their social circle is quite varied and huge. Saturn in Aquarius gives a strong power of concentration. These natives are democratic and believe in equality. Their approach in life is backed by practicality. They work hard, often towards betterment of themselves as well as others. They are impartial and observe both sides of the argument to reach a rational decision. These people are responsible beings and make a wonderful & loyal friend too. They are quite philosophical and intellectual. However, they are susceptible to self-pride, which makes them a social loner. Moreover, addiction to wine and women may also be present in these natives.",
"Since the 2nd lord, Mercury, is in the 10th house of Aquarius, Your authority will come from working in large organizations where communication is an important part of your work. You can become a successful businessman or a corporate worker. You will use your analytical skills in the field of finance. Your upcoming Mercury mahadasha is beneficial for your career, espicially if it is related to technology, science, research, or teaching. With Mercury governing communication and intellect in the sign of Aquarius, you will find innovative solutions that can bring prosperity and recognition. Opportunities for growth and expansion in business seem prominent. The presence blesses you with burning curiosity, helping you adapt swiftly to new learning opportunities. Prospect of foreign travel related to work or study looms across the horizon. The communication with your partner will improve, strengthening your relationship. Your family will support you in your endeavours.",
"Aquarius is a fixed air sign, also ruled by Saturn. While Mercury in Capricorn people are grounded and realistic, those born with Mercury in Aquarius tend to brag a lot and fly too close to the Sun due to the airy quality. A lot is contained in their mind, words unsaid, feelings, thoughts, and emotions. Their mind is hyperactive, constantly working, occupied by a lot of negative thoughts too. Their ideas however are innovative and original, at times abstract. They are emotionally detached people but that doesn’t mean that they do not feel the pain of others. They are humble and humane, always ready to help those in need. In fact, they often carry the burden of other’s problems on their shoulders. They tend to indulge in a lot of social service too, without involving themselves emotionally. This sense of emotional detachment also pervades their thought process. They base their actions on thoughtful scientific analysis than emotions and passion. Their intuition is also powerful which helps them easily judge others’ characters. These natives strongly uphold the idea of equality and justice. They always play fair in life. Their nature is quite accommodating. They are always open to new ideas and are quite witty too so keep the atmosphere light and bright.",
"When Ketu is posited positively in the second house of your horoscope, you are likely to be a learned and knowledgeable person. You are someone who talks wise words. You are likely to be quite expressive, and well versed in foreign languages. Position of Ketu in 2nd house also gives a serious perspective towards life. Such a person is also likely to be fond of indulgence. In your Ketu Mahadasha, house number 1 and Taurus rasi indicates a positive phase. This period would shower you with wealth and assets as Ketu stimulates your natural loyalty, making you appear beautiful and stable. The dasha could also bless you with increased physical strength, energy, and intelligence, boosting your appearance and fame. Areas of career, business, and family are well-favored, leading you to potential success. Your qualities of being faithful and luxurious could grow, reassuring your relationships, marriage, and family life. The dasha may bring enhancements with luxury halls, dining halls, and eating places under your domain, enabling you to enjoy culinary delights.",
"Taurus is ruled by Venus and it shares an average relationship with Ketu. Here, Ketu is in an earth sign and in mythology; it is represented as the Dragon’s tail. Such people want to walk freely and seek movement, but that does not mean that they fly in the air because Taurus is an earthy sign and this element keeps them grounded. Due to the impulse given by Ketu, such people are always pulled between need for movement and the need for stability. Ketu in Taurus also gives a pensive mood to the person. Such people like to talk a lot and are sometimes quite insincere. These people face hurdles in acquiring luxuries and material comforts they want. Ketu in Taurus also creates hurdles in love life. Such people also face issues within their family. They often move towards wrong directions in life that require immoral actions. While they tend to be quite loving, caring and compassionate, they struggle to get the same level of love and compassion in return. Ketu in Taurus also makes the native lethargic. Such people have a tendency to procrastinate. These natives can also be quite stubborn as a bull at times. Ego also strongly marks their character, adding to challenges in maintaining relationships. ",
Since the 1st lord, Venus, is in the 11th house of Pisces, You will achieve great gains from networks and friends. You will love working in large organizations and the government as well. You will gain a lot from your female acquaintances. You shall also be a good looking person. On the contrary side, Venus might also cause some minor troubles. You may find yourself overindulging in pleasures, leading to neglect of vital tasks and irresponsible financial decisions. You could face disappointments in relationships, as your emotional and sensitive nature might make you feel taken for granted. At work, contradicting opinions can create disputes. At times, gains might feel inadequate due to high expectations. Travel experiences could be exhausting. The health needs attention to avoid issues related to feet, as Pisces sign governs them. Over-emotionality could cause instability in family and marriage life.",
"Venus is exalted in Pisces so naturally, this position brings positive results. Due to the influence of the water element, the personality of Venus in Pisces people runs deep, much like a river. Like the ebb and flow in the water, people with this placement also experience moodiness. However, water can also stand still, and these people also have a tendency to become taciturn and suffer in silence. Venus is the planet associated with love and when it is placed in Pisces, the person is usually submerged in romance. Such people have attractive looks and a polite speech. Their words work like magic, melting hearts. Such people tend to be very famous as well as fortunate. They earn a lot of wealth throughout their life. Venus in Pisces people are highly accommodating and flexible too, just like water takes the shape of the vessel it is poured into.  And this especially applies to their love life. They have a strong fear of rejection that underlines their subtle behavior in love. They try their level best to keep their partner happy and relationship smooth. This is because their need for love and understanding is strong. They need someone to control their emotions and suppress the occasional outbursts, like what a dam does to unbridled water. ",
" Since the 4th lord, Sun, is in the 10th house of Aquarius, Your father may be working in an authoritative position in a corporate sector. You shall be a person of authority in your homeland too. You can have a good political career. Your mother is as strong as your father. But you will have a distant relationship with your father. During this Sun's Mahadasha in the 10th house of Aquarius, there is a burst of vitality, energy and creativity associated with your career and public standing. Your leadership skills and authority will be recognized, leading to fame and success. A career in technology, science or research may be exceptionally favorable. Expansion in business or a promotion in your job is highly probable. Your innovative thoughts and futuristic vision will be an asset in this period. The father's health will improve and relationships with authority will progress positively. Travelling related to work will yield positive outcomes. Marriage and family life will be harmonious with increased mutual respect and understanding. Finances will see a boost and overall health will be at its best.",
"Aquarius is a fixed airy sign ruled by Saturn is inimical towards Sun. The energy of the airy Aquarius fans the flames of the fiery Sun, thus the position of Sun in Aquarius makes the native short-tempered. Such a person is a typical miser and is quite frugal with their spending. These people struggle to maintain a decent personal hygiene. Their ideas are quite eccentric and advanced. But despite this streak of eccentricity, these people are well liked by everyone. They are emotional people, who put their own needs on the backburner to help others. They focus on the societal than the individual. Such natives are strong team players indeed, with good leadership qualities. These humanitarian souls become great leaders if given a chance to. They have a strong understanding of how human nature works. They are quite honest and outspoken too. Such people attach a lot of value to friendship.  Despite being so humble and compassionate, they tend to keep themselves away from emotional involvement and attachment. Their approach is impersonal and they never show their emotions and feelings openly."
" Since the 3rd lord, Moon, is in the 10th house of Aquarius, You will use your communications to deal with authorities in your life but you will work in large organizations or with a group of people who take up causes of the government. Your communications will be highly emotional and you will have a research-oriented approach. Your Moon mahadasha in the 10th house in Aquarius predicts a favorable period for your career. Magnetic and intuitive, you are likely to be revered in the workplace. Your sense of responsibility and discipline will be praised by superiors and peers. The nurturing impact of the Moon will bless you with harmony in relationships and a comforting home environment. Given Aquarius' influence, you might experience growth in large communities and technological fields. Financial gains through new and innovative projects or investments are also indicated. Furthermore, trips related to business or work might bring enjoyable experiences and opportunities for expansion. Your health will likely remain stable.",
"Aquarius is also ruled by Saturn, which shares an inimical relationship with Moon, so naturally, this position of Moon brings some obstacles in the native’s life. People born with Moon in Aquarius tend to have a fertile imagination nonetheless. They are innovative people with a lot creative energy, which can be revolutionary if used effectively. If you have Moon in Aquarius, you are likely to be a broadminded and freedom-loving person. Your sense of observation and analysis is strong. You keep analyzing everything around you all the time, which gives a sense of detachment to your personality. You seem aloof and impersonal to those you come in contact with. But that doesn’t mean that you are unemotional. You are in fact a humanitarian soul and think about others first. You have a deep concern for the needy and believe in justice. You want freedom in life, but you are quite demanding when it comes to relationships. You are always up for an adventure, and a routine life bores you like anything. Monotony makes you miserable. You tend to have a rowdy face and at times encounter issues related to eyes. You can also resort to negative thoughts at times. In fact sometimes, Moon in Aquarius people also become victim to addiction to intoxication of some kind.",
" Since the 7th lord, Mars, is in the 10th house of Aquarius, Your married life will go for a toss due to the work relation of your spouse. The spouse shall be too busy to give you any time and it will cause problems in your married life. You may have a lack of trust in your partner. With Mars present the 10th house in Aquarius, it's an ideal period for those wishing to make career advancements or start innovative business. You likely display a fighter's courage and a remarkable drive to succeed in your work due to Mars's influence. With Aquarius's technology affinity, you may excel in IT, science, or research sectors. You possess a strong sense of responsibility and an unrivalled ambition that could lead to promotions or honors. Mars fuels your ambition, motivates you to work hard and achieve your dreams. On the relationship front, your stoic and honest nature will be appreciated by your partner, strengthening your bond. Your adventurous spirit may inspire exciting travels.",
"Aquarius is a fixed air sign, ruled by Saturn, which again is an enemy of Mars. This is however, a positive position as compared to Mars in Capricorn because Aquarius is a humanitarian and accommodating sign while Capricorn natives tend to be reserved, stubborn and aloof already, and Saturn intensifies this tendency of Capricorn. People with Mars in Aquarius focus more on the intellectual side of life. Their organization ability is quite strong and they tend to be calculative and logical in their approach. These natives can be good leaders, because they think for the masses. If you are born with Mars in Aquarius, you are likely to be a broadminded justice-loving person. You seek freedom of speech and movement, for both yourself and others. You come off as a very stable and dependable person; people trust you and rely on you quite easily. You also expect the same level of loyalty and reliability from others, especially your life partner. There is always a need for novelty in your life. You like to experiment a lot, and this tendency is also evident in your sexual life. You always try to do and expect something new from your partner. As a person, you are quite a humanitarian and perform good deeds. You are a very compassionate and good-natured person. You are often involved in virtuous activities of some kind."